Name: Gautam Singh
ID: CS21BTECH11018
reserved keyword: global
datatype: void
identifier: foo
special symbol: (
special symbol: )
special symbol: {
reserved keyword: declare
datatype: int
identifier: x
punctuation: ;
reserved keyword: declare
datatype: int
identifier: y
punctuation: ;
reserved keyword: expr
identifier: x
operator: =
constant: 8
punctuation: ;
reserved keyword: declare
datatype: int
identifier: i
punctuation: ;
reserved keyword: loop
reserved keyword: while
special symbol: (
identifier: i
operator: lt
identifier: x
special symbol: )
reserved keyword: do
special symbol: {
reserved keyword: expr
identifier: y
operator: =
identifier: i
punctuation: ;
operator: postincr
special symbol: (
identifier: i
special symbol: )
punctuation: ;
special symbol: }
reserved keyword: return
datatype: void
punctuation: ;
special symbol: }
reserved keyword: class
identifier: class_bar
special symbol: [
constant: 1
special symbol: ]
special symbol: {
reserved keyword: declare
datatype: int
identifier: x
punctuation: ;
reserved keyword: expr
identifier: x
operator: =
constant: 0
punctuation: ;
reserved keyword: local
datatype: int
identifier: bar
special symbol: [
constant: 1
special symbol: ]
special symbol: (
datatype: int
identifier: x
special symbol: )
special symbol: {
operator: postincr
special symbol: (
identifier: x
special symbol: )
punctuation: ;
reserved keyword: in case that
special symbol: (
special symbol: (
identifier: x
operator: gt
constant: 0
special symbol: )
operator: and
special symbol: (
identifier: x
operator: geq
constant: 3
special symbol: )
special symbol: )
reserved keyword: do
special symbol: {
reserved keyword: expr
identifier: x
operator: =
constant: 3
punctuation: ;
special symbol: }
reserved keyword: otherwise
special symbol: {
reserved keyword: expr
identifier: x
operator: =
constant: 4
punctuation: ;
special symbol: }
reserved keyword: return
operator: postincr
special symbol: (
identifier: x
special symbol: )
punctuation: ;
special symbol: }
reserved keyword: global
datatype: void
identifier: main
special symbol: (
special symbol: )
special symbol: {
reserved keyword: declare
identifier: class_bar
identifier: obj
punctuation: ;
reserved keyword: call
identifier: obj
punctuator: ->
identifier: bar
special symbol: [
constant: 10103941234
special symbol: ]
special symbol: (
punctuation: "
constant: asdasds
punctuation: "
special symbol: )
punctuation: ;
special symbol: }
